- Why doesn’t it work?
- Do you want some help?
Oh, no, no thanks. I can do it.
I know how to do this.
Just wait a minute.
So, Tom? Is the TV working?
Maybe "Input,"
then "TV," then "Cable."
No.
Why don't we play table tennis
for a while?
Where is it, Tom?
Maybe it’s the cable service.
Maybe the cable is out.
It’s in the game room.
Come on, you two.
Let’s go and play!
Tom, call us when the TV’s OK.
Sure, OK.
OK, Ruby to serve.
- I’m not very good at this.
- No, you're not.
- Yay! I win!
- Yes.
Aha!
Oh, come on!
What’s wrong with this thing?
- Any luck?
- Not yet.
Five minutes, no problem.
- Any news?
- A few more minutes, he says.
How about another game?
I don’t want to play
table tennis anymore!
Hey - there’s a basketball hoop outside.
Let’s play some basketball.
Yeah.
Hi, yeah,
I need help with my TV.
It’s... Yes, I can hold...
Yeah!
OK, last one.
Yes! Thank you! Thank you so much!
Hey, guys! It’s fixed! The TV’s fixed!
Let’s go, guys! The TV is ...
There you are.
- The TV is fixed.
- Finally!
Come on, then!
Let’s go watch the game!
See? It’s OK again.
What a game, what a game!
And that’s it!
Thank you for watching. Goodbye!
What?
Oh, no!
It’s over? The game is finished?
Who won? Was it the U.S. or Brazil?
Sorry, guys. Uh ... how about
a nice game of table tennis?
Oh, Tom!